BASIC CONFIGURATION

Before using IdentiCurse, you must configure it with your account login
credentials. To do so, edit config.json in your favourite editor, changing
"username": "user" and "password": "test" to appropriate values. You can also
use IdentiCurse with other StatusNet instances by changing "api_path" to the
API home for the instance you wish to use. However, this is not yet well
tested, so expect breakages.


USING IDENTICURSE

Once you've configured IdentiCurse for your account, start it by running
main.py. You will see a message, "Welcome to IdentiCurse!", and then after a
short while, IdentiCurse itself will load (this delay is due to fetching all
the initial dents). Once you are at this screen, you can do press various
keys to do the following:
    
    KEY		ACTION
    1		Switch to tab 1 (initially Personal Timeline).
    2		Switch to tab 2 (initially Mentions).
    3		Switch to tab 3 (initially Direct Message Inbox).
    4		Switch to tab 4 (initially Public Timeline).
    5		Switch to tab 5 (no initial tab).
    6		Switch to tab 6 (no initial tab).
    7		Switch to tab 7 (no initial tab).
    8		Switch to tab 8 (no initial tab).
    9		Switch to tab 9 (no initial tab).
    x		Close the currently visible tab.
    r		Refresh.
    q		Quit IdentiCurse.
    h		View a quick summary of this help.
    i		Switch to text entry mode.

In text entry mode, the above key shortcuts are not available. Instead, you
type a message directly into the text entry field, and then press enter to
submit. A plain message will simply be posted as a normal dent, but you can
also use various commands by starting the message with a / (for example "/reply
1 Hello!" would trigger the /reply command rather than post "/reply 1 Hello!"
as a dent). Available commands are as follows:

/reply [notice number] [message]		(aliases: /r)
   This will create a reply to the notice in your current view with the notice
   number specified.

/reply [(@)username] [message]			(aliases: /r)
   This will create a mention of the user specified. The username can be
   entered with or without a @ at the beginning, either will work.

/fav [notice number]	       	      		(aliases: /f)
   This will add the notice with the notice number specified to your
   favourites.

/repeat [notice number]	       	      		(aliases: /rt)
   This will create a repeat of the notice with the notice number specified.

/direct [(@)username] [message]	    	   	(aliases: /dm /d)
   This will send a direct message to the user specified. As with /reply, the
   username will work with or without the @.

/delete [notice number]				(aliases: /del)
   This will delete the notice with the notice number specified. It will only
   work for your notices, not those created by other users.

/profile [notice number]      	    	       	(aliases: /p)
   This will open a new tab showing the profile of the user who created the
   notice with the notice number specified.

/profile [(@)username]				(aliases: /p)
   This will open a new tab showing the profile of the user specified.
   As with /reply and /direct, the @ is optional.

/user [notice number]      	    	       	(aliases: /u)
   This will open a new tab showing the timeline of the user who created the
   notice with the notice number specified.

/user [(@)username]				(aliases: /u)
   This will open a new tab showing the timeline of the user specified.
   As with /reply and /direct, the @ is optional.

/context [notice number]      	    	       	(aliases: /c)
   This will open a new tab showing the context of the notice with the notice
   number specified. You can identify notices which have context by the fact
   that their "from X" message has a [+] after it.

/subscribe [notice number]      	    	(aliases: /sub)
   This will subscribe you to the user who created the notice with the
   notice number specified.

/subscribe [(@)username]			(aliases: /sub)
   This will subscribe you to the user specified.  The @ is optional.

/unsubscribe [notice number]      	    	(aliases: /unsub)
   This will unsubscribe you from the user who created the notice with the
   notice number specified.

/unsubscribe [(@)username]			(aliases: /unsub)
   This will unsubscribe you from the user specified.  The @ is optional.

/subscribe [notice number]      	    	(aliases: /sub)
   This will subscribe you to the user who created the notice with the
   notice number specified.

/group [(!)group]				(aliases: /g)
   This will open a new tab showing the timeline of the group specified.
   Much like the @ in username-based commands, the ! is optional.

/groupjoin [(!)group]				(aliases: /gjoin, /gj)
   This will add you as a member of the group specified.  The ! is
   optional.

/groupleave [(!)group]				(aliases: /gleave, /gl)
   This will remove you from membership of the group specified.  The !
   is optional.

/block [notice number]      	    	       	(aliases: /b)
   This will create a block against the user who created the notice
   with the notice number specified.

/block [(@)username]				(aliases: /b)
   This will create a block against of the user specified.  As usual,
   the @ is optional.

/unblock [notice number]      	    	       	(aliases: /unb)
   This will remove a block against the user who created the notice
   with the notice number specified.

/unblock [(@)username]				(aliases: /unb)
   This will remove a block against of the user specified.  As usual, the
   @ is optional.

/spamreport [notice number] [reason]	(aliases: /sr, /nuke, /kill, /burn)
   This will submit a spam report dent in Identi.ca support's preferred format
   and also create a block against the user who created the notice with the
   notice number specified.

/spamreport [(@)username] [reason]	(aliases: /sr, /nuke, /kill, /burn)
   This will submit a spam report dent in Identi.ca support's preferred format
   and also create a block against the user specified.

After submitting your message/command, you will be back in non-text entry mode
until you next press i. You can submit an empty text field to leave text entry
mode without performing any action.


ADVANCED CONFIGURATION

In addition to the preset aliases, it is possible to add your own custom
aliases by editing the "aliases" record in config.json. An example is provided
that makes /sayagain an alias for /repeat, however it is not recommended that
you edit this section without a basic understanding of JSON syntax (for a good
basic introduction, we recommend CouchDB's JSON Primer:
< http://guide.couchdb.org/editions/1/en/json.html >).
